10 years ago, I was the one who put frost like a stray dog
Brought back the whole house
In a few days, this will be your home
Come to your mother
Baby
From now on, this is your home, you know?
So nice
I didn't expect
Brought it home
It's a wolf.
He first climbed my dad's tree
It's your adopted daughter, how do you come down and take over?
I said it was an accident.
Surprise you little bitch
I shouldn't have played tricks on you
You shut up
Then in order to completely take the Xiao family as his own
He killed my parents
Don't think I don't know
What are you country folk thinking?
Relying on their own beauty
Just think carefully about this activity.
Killing order is distracted
Humble to get this job
All by the kindness of the lady
Even if you kill me
Then I dare not move
Really thoughtful
If you dare to move, I will kill you
My husband will be back soon.
Remember to give me every corner of the room
All cleaned up
If I find a little dust
I'll skin you
Who doesn't know that Mr. Ye is not an eyesore?
He's just relying on a few stinky money he has
Cheeky business age with Mr. Ye
Don't you like to rob other people's men for the rest of your life?
Then my revenge will begin with your husband
husband
I have
Waiting for you.
I still have work
You go to sleep first
Mr. Hao Ming
You're never coming back.
Night Lake Sea City's largest family will be penetrated
The people in the population are like gentlemen
Are you really a gentleman?